Update FAQ to include local jar deployment via extraClassPath [skip ci] (#5795)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: docs/FAQ.md

Spark job by using the `--jars` or `--packages` option followed by the file path or maven path to 
RAPIDS jar since that is the preferred way to run RAPIDS accelerator. 

> NOTE: You could set `spark.driver.extraClassPath` and `spark.executor.extraClassPath` followed by the path to Avro and 
> the RAPIDS Plugin jar but one important thing to keep in mind is that never mix the `jars/packages` 
> and extraClassPath confs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, you can add locally installed jars for external packages such as Avro Data Sources and the RAPIDS Accelerator jars via  `spark.driver.extraClassPath` (--driver-class-path in the client mode) on the driver side, and `spark.executor.extraClassPath` on the executor side. However, you should not mix the deploy methods for either of the external modules.  Either deploy both Spark Avro and RAPIDS Accelerator jars as local jars via `extraClassPath` settings or use the `--jars` or `--packages` options.

As a consequence, per  Issue #5796, if you also use the RAPIDS Shuffle Manager, your deployment option may be limited to the extraClassPath method.
```

Spark job by using the `--jars` or `--packages` option followed by the file path or maven path to 
RAPIDS jar since that is the preferred way to run RAPIDS accelerator. 

> NOTE: You could use `--extraClassPath` followed by the path to Avro and the RAPIDS Plugin jar but one

Reviewer 2: Is this supposed to be `--extraClassPath` or `--conf spark.driver.extraClassPath=` or `--conf spark.executor.extraClassPath=`.  I've never been able to find a reference to `--extraClassPath` in the Spark online documentation anywhere, but `--jars` and `--packages` is definitely there.

Reviewer: correct, the confs are 

spark.driver.extraClassPath
spark.executor.extraClassPath (it's [discouraged](https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/configuration.html))  but we need it if we don't want to recommend patching SPARK_HOME/jars

In the client mode REPL the conf setting is too late, and therefore there exists `--driver-class-path`

Author: >  I've never been able to find a reference to --extraClassPath in the Spark online documentation anywhere

Sorry, that's my fault. I could swear I saw that somewhere but obviously not
